[DOCS] Adds NLP with PyTorch section to ML-related page in Eland docs (#428)
elastic/eland: docs/guide/machine-learning.asciidoc

[[machine-learning]]
== Machine Learning

[discrete]
[[ml-trained-models]]
=== Trained models

> Eland allows transforming trained models from scikit-learn, XGBoost,

Reviewer: > Eland allows transforming trained models from scikit-learn, XGBoost,

Feel free to ignore this comment if you just want to add the new content, but this sentence is a little unclear to me (both here and in the readme). Does it mean:

1. Eland enables you to transform trained xxx models from yyy into serialized (what?), which can then be used as inference models in Elasticsearch.
2. Eland enables you to transform and import xxx models from yyy into your Elasticsearch cluster.

>>> es_model.predict(training_data[0])
[0 1 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0]
------------------------

[discrete]
[[ml-nlp-pytorch]]
=== Natural language processing (NLP) with PyTorch

> For NLP tasks, Eland allows importing PyTorch trained BERT models into {es}. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For NLP tasks, Eland enables you to import PyTorch trained BERT models into {es}. 
```
I always prefer "enable" to "allow", since the latter implies just giving you permission to do something, whereas the former implies it helps you accomplish the task.

Models can be either plain PyTorch models, or supported 
https://huggingface.co/transformers[transformers] models from the
https://huggingface.co/models[Hugging Face model hub].

[source,bash]
------------------------
$ eland_import_hub_model \
  --url http://localhost:9200/ \
  --hub-model-id elastic/distilbert-base-cased-finetuned-conll03-english \
  --task-type ner \
  --start
------------------------

> 

Reviewer: Maybe it's obvious to folks who use eland a lot, but as a novice user, I didn't understand the purpose of these two examples, which seem to me to accomplish the same thing. It might be nice to add a little context in an intro to these snippets.
